feat: use terawhiskers and add accent support (#1)
tetov/fuzzel: README.md

1. Open your `fuzzel.ini` file, found in `$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/fuzzel/`
(defaulting to `$HOME/.config/fuzzel/fuzzel.ini` if `$XDG_CONFIG_HOME` is unset).
1. Remove existing `[color]` section if there is one.

> 1. Choose a flavor directory
> 1. Insert the contents of one of the theme files in the flavor directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Insert the contents of the flavor and accent combination of your choice from [`themes/`](./themes/) into your configuration file.
```
